Alright guys I'm here with a man that
needs no introduction Mr. Warren Buffett
and the question I have is Warren what
is one tip, so you're talking to people
that are 21, 22 just graduating school.
What is one tip that you can give them?
any realm of light? BUFFETT: It's very simple
invest in yourself and the one easy way
to become worth 50% more than you are
now at least there is to hone your
communication skills both written and verbal.
I mean, aaaaa you can but you can't communicate you
know it's like waiting and the girl in
the dark nobody happened but so you got
so you have all the brainpower in the
world but you gotta get to transmit it
then. The transmission is communication.